feat: add stage.useragent (#4492)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.process.md

The `source` field defines the source of data to parse as a user-agent string.
When `source` is missing or empty, the stage parses the log line itself.
It can also be used to parse a previously extracted value.

The `regex_file` field allows you to specify a custom YAML file containing regular expression patterns for user-agent parsing.
If not provided, the stage uses the default patterns from the uap-core library.

The stage extracts the following fields into the shared map:

- `useragent_browser`: The browser name. For example, "Chrome", "Firefox", "Safari".
- `useragent_browser_version`: The browser version. For example, "91.0.4472".
- `useragent_os`: The operating system name. For example, "Windows", "Mac OS X", "iOS".
- `useragent_os_version`: The operating system version. For example, "10.15.7".
- `useragent_device`: The device family. For example, "iPhone", "iPad".
- `useragent_device_brand`: The device brand. For example, "Apple", "Samsung".
- `useragent_device_model`: The device model. For example, "iPhone", "Galaxy S21".

> #### Example usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example
```

Maybe we could add a little more to this heading? `Example with default extraction` or something similar?

truncated: label,line
```

### `stage.useragent`

> The `stage.useragent` inner block configures a processing stage that parses user-agent strings and extracts browser, operating system, and device information using the uap-core library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stage.useragent` inner block configures a processing stage that uses the uap-core library to parse user-agent strings and extract browser, operating system, and device information.
```
